foreign
s Sam blonde most recently Sierra brex
has joined Founders fund as their latest
partner Sam thanks for joining us thank
you for having me once again I'm so
happy to be here because you and I can
have I'd love to have a honest
conversation about a topic I'm
passionate about which is Miami
um you're there at Founders fund which
is which is
which has been very early on the tech
move to Miami as you know we've been
doing saster meetups in Miami for five
years you've been to them I love Miami I
will if if I had no other family or
other issues I'd move there right now
I'm I'm no Miami Crasher right I've been
there since doing Meetup since 2017.
but I'm I'm I'm not sure it will become
a B2B Hub I'm confident it's already a
tech Hub of some sort but even our last
Miami Meetup which you were at it was
great we had 300 Founders come it was
the B2B element there's crypto there's
all this so talk about us where where
what do you think about the SF area what
do you think about Miami you're you're
you're in Two Worlds living in Miami
with Miami behind you on the skyline for
folks that watch this right now
yeah well um so we'll we'll talk about
uh Miami first specifically and then can
you can move on to Bay Area uh so I
moved here in November of uh last year
so I've been almost a year
um I I the reason I moved was I visited
in the first part of 2021 I reached out
to Keith who is sort of like Mr Miami or
certainly Mr Miami
um representing Tech yeah and I didn't
want to leave
um like it is a great place to live all
right so you're you're coming out of the
Bleak lockdown San Francisco you meet
Keith you don't want to leave I get it
right yeah that's exactly right and and
here's here is
um like I am biased and I am biased in
favor of Miami given I I both live here
and I want to see it succeed
um but uh here here's like as as
objective as I can be in terms of what
exists today
um if if we go back to 2020 yeah in
everything was in San Francisco
um like maybe some exceptions but like
really everything was in San Francisco
um nothing was in Miami
um and you know in a relatively short
amount of time uh I I think Miami has
attracted a lot of Founders investors
um and Tech employees and so the sort of
rate of acceleration that Miami is
experiencing is impressive
um there are there are several
um companies that Founders fund is is
involved with that are B2B and Miami is
the best place for them to build um
Keith has one called open store there
are some investments called Lula Trava
um there are others and these are you
know 50 to 100 employee uh B2B Tech
startups um now like on a percentage
basis does Miami have as many as like
like no
um but I think the acceleration is
impressive and something that um I hope
to to continue
um to happen here got it and where do
you see where do you come out where do
you see SF for SAS and B2B in 2024 2025
what you just spent some time out here
right what do you think the poll says
well I answered that question
um
well just talking about San Francisco
broadly maybe yeah you have sort of a
specific question and maybe I'll I'll
yeah we spin it however you want this is
how we do things
uh uh like the positive things about San
Francisco
um and by the way I lived in San
Francisco for almost 15 years uh so most
of my adult life uh and and had I not
been in San Francisco would not have uh
uh been been fortunate enough to have
the type of career progression that I
have I was I was certainly like right
place right time and took advantage of
that
um so on the positive side and this may
this may start to sound like a negative
uh but just taking Founders fund as an
example
um at the beginning of 2020 uh everyone
in Founders fund was was uh in San
Francisco there may have been an
exception or two
um and today in this office uh there's
Keith uh Matthias Delian uh myself as
the investors Mike Salon is a VP here um
not on the investing side but um five
fairly senior people people all of which
you know beginning of 2020 lived in San
Francisco now all of which live in Miami
um and you you see somewhat regularly uh
like all the folks from from brex my
direct reports of Rex they had the
opportunity to go remote they don't live
there anymore this sounds like a
negative I'll get to the the sort of
like positive
um uh all of that migration
um built in there is still a unique
talent density in San Francisco unlike
any other place and you know I'm going
to San Francisco tomorrow
um and the the people that I am meeting
with and certainly won't like name drop
but just like every time I go back the
calendar of incredible VCS Founders uh
people that still live there
um is unique um and I think that's like
a combination of my network and because
I lived there for so long but also just
like where it like it used to be 100 and
so even if uh 50 of um which I think is
too high but even if half the people
left there's still 50 of all the amazing
people that that started in San
Francisco and so uh the talent density
is incredibly unique I'll pause there
but I have some other thoughts on San
Francisco
um just feel like I've been on a bit of
a month no no I think that's a good
Insight uh it the the the the the the
world has changed Miami is on the
upswing I love Miami but even if it's
half of what it was the density is of SF
is unique at least for B2B it's
certainly unique right for B2B it
remains there right your calendar is
full and I think that's something
Founders should should think about right
I think we you could add whatever you
want I think the meta question and this
surprised me because as you know I've
I've invested and worked with so many
European Founders right and back in the
day before all this I I really I wasn't
crazy about it but I pretty much said
you better come to SF right when I
talked I'm shocked how many of the
European Founders and residents stayed
through all of this in SF
um and I think that's kind of like the
meta question if you were a Founder
coming from somewhere in Europe or Latin
America or somewhere and you didn't care
you had no kids you had no family you
had no
you had no GP partners and you're in B2B
what would you tell them
um in If This Were early 2020 I think
the answer would have been like pretty
you know pretty sure what would it be
today yes or would have been San
Francisco I think um I think today my
answer is actually it's not one size
fits all
um and you know talk to an amazing
Israeli founder uh yesterday they're
opening their office in New York
um yes and look it could be New York it
could be Miami it could be San Francisco
I think like today the reality is um
it's just not one size fits all the way
that it used to be well for sure yeah
it's a good insight and then just on San
Francisco one um and I'll try and take
less time but uh one one um other
positive and then one concern that I
have
so my background I I lived next to
Salesforce Tower downtown San Francisco
Heart of the City that's where I spent
all my time and in 2019 that place was
buzzing like the buzzing everywhere and
um then it went to uh the opposite like
you know depressing and nobody around
and I think um in the last two months
that has started to change uh and it's
not it's not back to 2019 levels but
there are people in the streets the
restaurants are full
um there are more people going into
offices and so I think that um for the
first time really just in the last
couple months uh that has really started
to change and specifically that part of
town
um the concern that I have and this is
um this is actually unique to San
Francisco so you're you're down in the
peninsula I know a ton of people who
have moved uh to the East Bay not
Oakland but like the the suburbs of the
East Bay Marin
um up north
um San Francisco I think today is not a
great place to live and um we don't have
to go into the the like it's a challenge
it's well documented at all it's a
challenge you have to be objective yeah
and shout out to you know like the
person that comes to mind is um Gary tan
who like that guy is just um you know
trying to will uh San Francisco uh back
from the where it is today I guess for
lack of better framing um but you know
um
it's still
uh walking downtown
you you it's hard to say this is a great
place to live
um and I think that hasn't really
changed and so before
um uh I think I don't see a trend of an
inflow of people
um it's certainly been an outflow over
the last couple years until that changes
I don't see
um a net flow of quality Talent into the
city yeah it's a good Insight well let's
move on I think my limited you in fact
you know even better than me these days
I think if you go to the hot spots the
second and Howards it feels like 2016
20s that doesn't feel like 2020 but it
feels pretty good there right and uh I
think if you are a single founder right
and young you may you may still love the
vibe even if it's even if it's the
grittier SF than it used to be
um but it's it's a good point and you
know the whatever the 400 AES you had it
benefits or Braxton SF that's never
coming back we will never have floor
after floor after floor of A's and SDR
so there's an element of all this that
is just it's never no matter what
happens the floor of floor of AES and SF
they can't afford to live there they
don't want to live there they don't get
the benefits right so that's never the
the lay troops are never coming back I
don't think
we we agree yeah the founders may be
back um they're different and so it's
just we don't know so it's a good
conversation okay so
Founders fund
um
you're at a unique time we chatted about
this while it's special because you're
not you've been Angel Investing for a
while you have an incredible track
record but you're not locked up on 100
boards you're not trying to you're not
trying to deal with five five ones that
have six months of Runway you can be a
bit objective about things right you're
always objective right
um are where are we we see things on
Twitter that um growth is way down
um valuations have plummeted what's your
objective to you what have you learned
on the ground at at an aggressive fund
right at a not a conservative on an
aggressive fund what are what do you
what are you seeing and smelling in the
Venture markets today yeah
um well so so to qualify this is um I'm
a little over five weeks in this is my
yes
um I started uh just after Liz trust
started
um and so relevant for today given uh it
was a resume it's terrible I can't
believe it yeah and uh so Founders fund
um what what we're seeing so I probably
separated into
um two categories one is more growth
stage uh on the growth stage side
um many of the best companies raised a
lot of money last year and given what's
happened in the public markets it's
difficult to justify certainly an up
round
um and maybe even the valuations at
which those businesses raised and many
of the best ones are very well
capitalized so they don't need to raise
um and and so growth stage uh investing
has has really slowed or or almost um
been non-existent there's there's a
couple sort of potential outliers
anderill is is one that Founders fund
continues to put more money in in
Rippling it around uh uh earlier this
year that that um uh Founders fund
participated in also so those are sort
of like outlier unbelievable quality uh
company these but not much activity
there uh because of of the Dynamics that
I just mentioned on the earlier stage
side
um
deal volume has has definitely slowed so
the number of deals that are happening
uh is lower that said
um we and this may be obvious but are
always looking for great Founders and
great businesses uh and so deals do
continue to happen on the earlier stage
side I think there's just been a general
I mean this is true with both Founders
fund and maybe um the industry broadly
there's been a general flight to Quality
here and that's why the number of deals
getting done uh seems lower but still if
you're a fantastic founder or team and
you have a good business you will be
able to raise money and and I I would
love to partner with you and let's talk
about the interesting point you made
because I think Founders fund is
probably more honest when they reflect
on their portfolio than others did we
lower the bar during the boom did we
lower the quality bar a bit
for investing yeah well I I won't not
valuation that's different than high
valuations they're not exactly the same
thing are they yeah so
um look I won't say Founders fund
lowered the bar I actually wasn't here
um but I think I think generally
speaking
um almost definitionally the bar was
lowered there were there was so much
more Capital being deployed in so many
more companies
um last year compared to this year at
every stage yeah and so
um I I think you know there are a bunch
of new funds there was a lot of new
capital uh and so that money needed to
go somewhere and more deals were
happening and so
um you know I think
I I think because of that there will be
a lot of um companies that were able to
raise money last year that aren't or
aren't able to raise going forward
yeah it was um
there's a lot of talk about how
valuations were high right which maybe
we'll talk a little bit more about or
not but what I think people miss and I
wrote this post right when things were
taking off right during the lockdown
period I called it the Postmates effect
and it was after I talked with a partner
at a top Venture firm at one of the very
best right and his point was look before
covid we wouldn't have done Postmates
and what did he mean by Postmates he's
like well Postmates is number three or
four in the market right with not a with
a great company but with no path to
being number one no no argument there's
no argument that that ramp will be Brax
or brex will be ramp or whoever they are
I don't even know if they directly
compete but you see my point right his
point was valuations got so big
that number four number five in any
Market could be a unicorn and that was
true on paper last year and so we lost
we used to always think you had to be
number one to make it to make any real
money number two would make a little bit
of money and then it was hopeless for
three through five that changed during
the peak and so so many companies got
funded in so many spaces right the fifth
and sixth and seventh competitor just
because they could be a unicorn too and
I wonder I I that's the biggest quality
to I'll put it in quotes even though for
folks that are listening decline I saw
is that if you are number four or five
in your space and you got a good round
you may be unfundable even if you're
value you're sitting on a low valuation
just the world change it doesn't mean
you're not a good company but I think
we're back to only wanting to invest in
number one in the space aren't we or at
least number one in a segment of the
space
yeah um I think I think uh in a
competitive space the ones that uh
aren't aren't you know uh the the best
to just to um use your um uh description
there yeah number five number six number
seven in his face it's gonna be much
more challenging to raise funding today
um I also think there were a lot of
businesses that were funded that just
aren't that great of businesses
yeah yeah regardless of what space there
and so there there are these I I hate to
use the uh term but like I can't think
of another one but like sort of like
zombie businesses that exist out there
that were able to raise funding but
um they aren't a great business and
ultimately they're not going to be able
to raise funding anymore but they still
they still have a lot of money and
they're still going
um and so I would argue that um this
let's call it a correction that is
happening right now is probably healthy
for the uh ecosystem broadly because
um you know there are there are likely
great people at some of these companies
that uh aren't going to make it
um and so distributing some of them to
the best companies is is a net positive
it could yeah am I not being politically
correct enough no no you're being you're
just you just become a VC that's all
you're exactly right in terms of zombies
Distributing the top talented zombies to
better portfolio companies is a good
thing for VCS um some of those Founders
sometimes uh some zombies if the
batteries are great turn it around and
build something really huge right
um you know like slack started off as
whatever a gaming company right it was a
zombie
right but but but but but Andreessen
told them to keep going if he said I
quit I didn't quit
was a zombie right it was a zombie with
a lot of money
um so there's different flavors of
zombies out there that's all yeah that's
totally right like yes
um and it doesn't mean that there aren't
businesses that are taking longer to
take off or yeah that took a long time
and they're they've just sold for 20
billion dollars and and I'm not saying
um thing that ever was perceived as a
zombie company I'm just saying like you
know different different companies see
success at different stages of the
business and sometimes they take longer
and those sorts of things well let's try
to do that let's talk about a little bit
about that relationship and that maybe
let's talk about two last topics which
was some time on them we can wrap up
before we get there I might have done it
out of turn talk to us this is this is
always the question I ask almost any BC
when I meet them not that we've met for
the first time but tell us what your
sweet spot is what are you looking to
invest in I found this one to folks want
to reach out to you and I know you have
flexibility what are the different check
sizes and stages so sweet spot and check
size and stages
yeah um so my my background I joined
Echo sign with you
um xenifits and in Rex all around like
between 10 and 20 employees uh and
relatively little Revenue so let less
than 70 of ARR
um and left those businesses when they
were much much larger uh and So based
off of that experience
um my my sort of Sweet Spot would be
companies in in similar stages I think
uh from a fundraising standpoint that's
going to be something like seed through
series C okay you know anything like
free Seed where they don't have a
product is probably too early and
anything that is like true growth stage
we're already many hundreds of millions
of dollars in Revenue I think my
experience is less directly applicable
to
um that business and then we've spent a
lot of time talking about it but um B2B
software uh like uh ecosign brexits and
where I've spent most of my career
um so B2B software from 10 to 50
employees is probably a sweet spot but
you can do later check sizes too right
that's right and what's the smallest and
the biggest check you would write just
to frame it for folks yeah I think um
on a on a seed
get um like the 10 ownership of the
company as sort of a minimum and so
that's I think like sort of a million
dollars would be minimum check size and
then uh at least within Founders fund
the the sky's the limit in terms of the
check size I mean well to just to help
folks listening like it sounds like for
you because a lot of folks will I would
I would take money from Sam for folks
that are listening um for a whole bunch
of reasons I trust him I've enjoyed
working with them and there's only so
many cros out there so if you're a sales
notwithstanding Parker's comment which
we could we could go deeper into
my view of Ventures there's only so many
slices you are going to sell your
company and you might as well at least
find the VC that can add the most value
even if it's limited value that's a lot
better I tell you it's a lot better than
no value
here's the point I love Parker too
here's the point he's missing a little
value is much better than negative value
and you'll find on your board it's a lot
better better than no value you'll find
right so I would pick Sam but so it
sounds like one million dollar checks at
the seed stage 10 million you know you
can do a 10 million dollar check for an
a deal right or whatever we're calling
to this day and up to 20 million for
bigger deals you're flexible on those
sizes right
um just to give folks where they're at
in those different stages right you
nailed it and thank you for the um uh
nice commentary around working with me
and and those sorts of things I I am
um I think my background is unique and
and I am excited to uh partner with uh
uh amazing Founders and and try and
replicate much of the success that
um uh we were able to realize at the
different companies that I've worked at
um and uh I think I think there's a lot
there's a there's we can talk about it
if you want but um there's a lot that I
am seeing um Founders continue to make
mistakes on or at least continue to ask
questions on yeah
um where uh I I think I positively
influence the trajectory of the business
for through through sort of
conversations and working together yeah
let me be even more like maybe we could
Riff on this at our last Point I've been
investing for nine years I guess I would
say every single board I've been on and
I try not to be on it too many boards
um I'm the only one that knows anything
about sales or Revenue no one no I don't
even care where they were they don't
know I'm always the only one
typically spend what
I mean they're very Niche which goes to
Parker's Point there's so much work to
do as a Founder in dealing with your
investors is important but it's just a
small slice of your life but none of
these people know what they're talking
about ever it they may they may have
invested in 20 unicorns but they don't
have they don't even know what makes a
good VP of sales they give horrible
advice and whatever you're talking about
growing the company they have no effing
clue and so look I'm not saying that you
or me can add I think I've added some
dramatic value to a few Investments but
I'm not even saying it's dramatic what I
am saying is if you're going to sell 10
of your company or 20 or 15 figure out
today what type of background can help
me the most number one is who you trust
that's number one two three because
putting someone you don't trust is the
worst I trust you
apart from Rippling trust you that's
reason enough to pick Sam for anyone
listening and then two what type of
value do they add are they like some
folks do have an amazing Rolodex it's
true right and you do but some folks
literally they don't know sales but the
one board I was on with John door like
the Rolex was pretty good
I Gotta Give You indoor credit for this
in the board meeting if you wanted
to be connected with the CEO or CEO of
anybody they would respond during the
board meeting I don't think you and I
could get can get uh could get the CEOs
of apple or into it uh to respond to
their email in real time so that that's
one thing right but most of us want help
in B2B we want help scaling revenue and
if you're sales driven
there aren't that many cross that can
write you a check like Sam right there's
there's a handful at best right and so I
would pick that like because you can get
help right and why have an investor that
can't help at all
yeah I I
um strongly believe I I can prevent
mistakes from happening yeah and and you
you're on boards and you've seen
probably uh a lot of what what um I'm
thinking of right now and
um I I believe that I can dramatically
accelerate
um the growth of the business and and
um through recruiting hiring uh outbound
processing so much more
um and so again uh excited uh partner
partner with Founders and grow really
big businesses so Sam thanks for
catching up and thanks for doing this
series
um and thanks for everyone for being
with us
thank you for having me Jason awesome to
see you and thank you for uh everyone
that's listening talk to you all soon